= blacklight-sitemap

Rake task for creating a sitemap from a Blacklight Solr index.

== Installation

* This version only works with Rails 3.2/Blacklight 4. Some changes to how Blacklight is configured and how it communicates with Solr mean that it will currently only work with Blacklight 4 using the standard CatalogController.

* In Gemfile
    gem 'blacklight-sitemap', '~> 2.0.0'

* Install the gem:
    bundle install

* Run the generator:
    rails g blacklight:sitemap

* Open your Rakefile and edit the BlacklightSitemapTask to your liking using the
provided documentation.

* Run the rake task:
    rake blacklight:sitemap

* Remove created sitemap files:
    rake blacklight:sitemap:clobber

== Upgrading

* Either remove your current blacklight-sitemap from your Rakefile or comment it out.
* Install the latest gem. You may need to update the version in your cofig/environment.rb
* Run the generator again.


== TODO

* Determine the lastmodified date for a particular sub-sitemap. For large indexes, allowing search engines to only download the sitemaps which have changed will be important. Can we always sort by timestamp?
* How to more fully test the gem independent from a Rails application with Blacklight installed?
* Instead of having to hardcode the base url find an easy way to include Blacklight route url helpers in the rake task.
* Incremental sitemaps?
* Check file size to insure a sitemap doesn't go above the 10MB limit.
* Insure the sitemap index file does not exceed 50,000 sitemaps and 10MB.

== Author

Jason Ronallo

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 North Carolina State University. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

